hello friends welcome to a new
chess game on this occasion os
I present a game is a trap that
is given in the Budapest gambit in the
variant Sakharov and voucher and in which they have
fallen a lot of players worth
you just have to know it to not
to fall into it the white ones start from 4
horse
EFE 6 045 raising the aforementioned
Gambit of poor 5 horse of 4
all typical plays of this line to 3
of 6
and by 6 at the end of 6
and here starts back to plot the
trap is the trap and whether the
Blacks play f3 horse which is a
natural play of development as g3
also to try to develop the
bishop % ok this trap is produced and it is
very easy to fall into it because we see that
the king fairy because he is not yet
developed and here the theory then
advises three but it is true that
watching the racing wing develop
the black one that are already developed and
ready to castle have two
minor pieces in play well it is
true that any player then what
first thing that comes to mind is horse f3
to develop the horse and it seems that
nothing happens but this is where the
white have fallen into the trap and lose
Full game because
Black sacrifices her horse now
they are giving a double to lady and tower and
if they do not do something then white
they lose the tower minimum if the lady
remove from here to eat not the
horse and yes instead they decide
eat with the king because although they have fallen
they have eaten this horse that
is super poisoned and just like
3 , and finally now the king can not
come here I would have to take
or come here that would be a gel and if they take
well simply the range now we see that
the bishop came out with an uncovered
Lama giving a check and the lady left
without defense with which the
Black has eaten the lady
and wins the good game if you liked
This trap is given in the gambit
budapest then do I like that I
it helps a lot to put it in favorites
compare us with your friends
and you know then we'll see each other in the
next video greetings to all friends